hi I'm James I'm in year 10 and my
favorite subjects are P and maths my
name is Anna Thwaites I'm in the lower
six and my favorite subject is
photography being a boarder at Martin's
is very eventful there are lots of
opportunities to take and there are lots
of events a typical day would consist of
getting up going for a shower and then
heading up to school as a year group for
breakfast
it's a nice nice walk up in the morning
and then go to lessons and then we'll
have lunch and lunch is a time where you
can also have activities like I
personally do trampolining and also band
practice after lessons there are a lot
of things that you can do normally game
sessions which you go to after sports
you normally have an hour to chill again
go to supper with your friends and then
come back to house for roll call and
then you go into prep and prep is you
have an hour and 45 minutes to do your
work after prep your go and do
activities such as you could go to the
swimming pool
you could go gaming you could go chess
you could go the track there's a house
competitions like your whole house goes
out for a football game against another
house let's cricket and the nets as
tennis art there's all all different
kinds of activities you could do free
time in the house and like a daily basis
it's just sort of chilling relaxing the
house is very close as a community
because as you spend more time in the
house you meet new people you make
really good bonds of the older years and
your year and younger years so I feel
especially orchards it's a really tight
bond and everyone gets all really well
in this house is sort of a very creative
but quite academic it's quite different
but we all sort of have the same sort of
characteristics you know we all enjoy a
lot of fun we like to relax we like to
sort of you know take part in things the
house products are great because they're
always there for you whenever you need
to support you and even if it's just for
a little chitchat with a nice cup of tea
they're always there for you the OD is
really helped to get involved with
everything they motivate user so like
with the house brands that they can be
there to help as well if you need
someone to speak to the the best thing
about boarding for me is I love the
house competition and the motivation to
get yourself out there and when you put
on the house shirt plan against your
friends the best thing about boarding at
Millfield is the relationships that you
build here and also the opportunities
that Milford has to offer that's a
really nice and on the on the other side
I like the friendships you make I like
the way all light rolls into a nice
place to be if I had to sum up Milford
in one word it would be opportunities
I'd say amazing but for for people
coming in and for for young people it's
just a really nice friendly environment
and it's great fun